check this out one of the hottest new
TVs on the market today it is the
samsung UN 46 be 6000 this is one of
those LED televisions that you have been
hearing about all over the place and one
of the major features of these TVs is
the fact that they are incredibly thin
in fact check this out you can see how
perfectly thin this television is look
at that literally just 1.2 inches thin
for this 46 inch LED TV would look
absolutely fantastic mounted on just
about any wall out there now it also has
a three million to one dynamic contrast
ratio meaning you are going to get
pretty much infinite blacks and
extraordinary colors with this screen
120 Hertz so you are getting full and
extremely smooth motion as well it does
have a 4 millisecond response time so it
doesn't a fast response time that would
be great for using with gaming for
watching sports for watching action
movies you're not going to see any
ghosting on this TV the other option you
have is to be able to play media files
through the USB port if you have a USB
host device like a thumb drive or an a
or hard drive you can plug that in here
and actually watch your movies look at
your photos listen to your music all
through that USB port now one of the
other major advantages to the LED
televisions is the fact that they are
very eco-friendly in fact they'll save
up to forty percent of the power that a
comparable LCD television would use and
this one is also fully
internet-connected it does have access
to that info link RSS widget and what
that is going to actually allow you to
do is display widgets on your TV that
show news and weather and stock updates
all of that right there in addition to
whatever you're watching on TV and it
also has DLNA technology built-in which
is going to allow this television to
talk to other
DLNA enabled devices on your network so
it can automatically pull media from
other enabled devices anywhere on your
network it's go ahead and take a look at
some of the connectors on this
particular television now you're going
to notice the way the connectivity on
this is arranged is so that this TV can
be mounted flush on your wall because
that's obviously how it's going to look
it's best so all the connectors are
going to be found lining the right or
right there on the bottom all of them
allowing you to get cables in and out of
there while being mounted flush now you
can see on the side there you do have a
couple of USB ports as well as an audio
output jack you do have your digital
audio output for sending out to your
home theater system as well as for HDMI
ports right there on the side you also
have the audio input for your VGA
connector which you will find right down
here on the bottom then you have one set
of component jacks with a pair of stereo
audio inputs your antenna connector and
your Ethernet port so that you can hook
up to the Internet so this is an
extremely slim very attractive and very
high-end television really great size 46
inches LED backlit giving you that
extraordinary thinness and at
extraordinary ability to display very
very rich color brand-new these things
have not been on the market for very
long and are already very very popular
it is the samsung UN 46 be 6000 46 inch
LED TV to get more info on the samsung
UN 46 be 6000 the ultra-thin 46 inch LED
television just do a search in any major
search engine for s 2 2 2 dash 4606 for
computertv i'm bauer
you